#+TITLE: Progress update 2021-05-17
#+AUTHOR: Simon Sundberg

#+OPTIONS: ^:nil
#+REVEAL_INIT_OPTIONS: width:1500, height:900, slideNumber:"c/t"
#+REVEAL_ROOT: https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/reveal.js

* Institutional duty
- Lab supervisor in GUI course
- This is final week of lab 3 (final lab)
  - Expect fairly high pressue during the supervission sessions
- Some delayed and returned labs keep dropping in

* Courses
- Currently mainly the DISCO reading course
  - Have a couple of other courses, but only requires me to attend defenses/colliqiums
- In DISCO course I've been moved up to host next session
  - Currently in the process of reading up on and finding papers on URLLC
  - Probably need to have selected papers by end of week
  - Will also need to start preparing a presentation

* PPing
- Not much has happend since last week (very short week)
- Fixed issue where only single instance of pping could run at a time
- There are a number of smaller fixes I need to work on
  - Both some code cleanup and JSON format improvments

** PPing: Single instance fix
- To ensure pping is always loaded with libbpf, tc program is loaded and pinned from userspace program
  - tc command only attaches pinned program, instead of loading it itself
- Was pinning program to ~/sys/fs/bpf/pping/classifier~
- Only removed pinned program on shutdown
- If you try to start pping again (on ex. another interface), it will fail to pin tc program as location is already occupied
- Fix was to simply unpin tc program as soon as it has been attached

** PPing: Protocol in JSON format
- Have added a ~protocol~ field (will currently only be ~"TCP"~)
- Should ~protocol~ always be layer 4/transport protocol?
  - Say we add support for QUIC (over UDP), should protocol then be "QUIC" or "UDP"?
  - Say we add support for TCP based on seq/ACK numbers, should protocol still only be "TCP"?
- Could either try to extend ~protocol~ field, ex:
  - ~"protocol": "TCP Timestamp"~
  - ~"protocol": "ICMP Echo"~
- Or add "identifier_type", ex:
  - ~"protocol": "TCP", "identifier_type": "timestamp"~
  - ~"protocol": "ICMP", "identifier_type": "echo"~

* Meetings going forward
- Should we have separate meetings to coordinate for AIDA, or combine it with these supervision meetings?
- Should maybe delay this discussion until Anna can join?
* Plan
- Correct some late/returned labs in GUI course
- Read and select papers for DISCO course
- Various minor fixes for pping
